mostly don't we want a husband packaging
but I really do this Cree this packaging
is really really good just not as nice
as for this effect
besides bullet panels here they keep
writing characters showing images of
them in action and stuff yeah John's
another picture of them I'm like the
green variant I'm gonna get the blue one
soon to build the blog each one
separately big picture of blob space
there yeah back here we have a little
fat file some of great mutant cream no
ever to live and a Brotherhood of the
and the Bravo to the implements of
Scarlet Witch Quicksilver is no less a
legendary figure he has been a member of
the Brotherhood of mutants a member of
the government's wants an X facts for a
long time Avenger he has walked a line
between hero villain forced by
circumstances traveled back and forth
from light to dark as a member of his
father's government in Genosha he hoped
to be calming influence in the anti
human ambition finally of Magneto
but his sister's brother versus brother
he was information in accreditation for
the House of M crisis the power dr. M
day he stole the mr. cherubim from the
Inhumans using his regain his powers and
restore there's several former mutants
but his next move in sense of defensive
ER for to attempt to conquer it son
though I have a little fat fall here on
his high his weight what's real name is
as identity as a list is our Federation
and its powers oh honey has a time
travel abilities in there that um you
have figures in the series she hopes the
Lord for Tory next regime gray um
yellow jacket
so put some clothes on that's right for
each other you'll build up well we're
gonna open this figure up and have a
look at what's inside okay so I'm here
is the figure itself um let's start from
the paint you're starting off with them
on the blue one I heard Chapman I'm
saying that it's just one plain green
well on this plot open there or blue
sorry yeah for some here's the blue one
but on the green as a slight shine to it
not the shine you get on the arm like on
the phoenix figure you've been affected
well I mean sort of the bland shined the
white and also the white has a gray
mixed into it yeah you can see just a
bit of the gray yeah yeah now I want you
the UM the we have the hair that's just
that's just one color sadly and the face
the skin colors just one color too but I
do like the lightness on the face that
does look like Quicksilver a lot a lot
like what's it looks very face like face
like listener I propose Billy you get
your toe joints that go up and back down
and then gait joints that wiggle like
that and do well that yeah you get the
carve joint you get double-jointed knee
yeah yeah leg points just bull jointer
getaways joint yeah very I really do
like that talking you know and that move
from there all the way down to there
it's a lot of those ability that you get
these little shoulder think knees here
and then you get the actual shoulder
joints themselves to get the bicep joins
double jointed elbow wrist joint hand
joint finger joints yeah
and the same on the other side and
you've got your head joint
you know that's quite a little
poseability it's a very very nice figure
on and into the blood part that's what
it comes with come to this blog piece
the one of the arms quite remember which
one but there's loads and loads and
little spots on there all these little
fat lines and stuff and carp feasibility
here there's ask elbow join and if
you've got a shoulder joint here on that
arm feast on this scorpions my films
I'll be seeing you next time on the ship